Thank You Dog for 10 Carnivals
Dog brother loves you
Brother Dog
When did I change this ID?
Master, I changed it for you.
Isn't that appropriate?
I post your brother-in-law
This
Don't the whole live stream only know that I am simp?
Is the king of simp
that
Not yet.
The number of gifts for Brother Dog is not enough.
Can you help Xiaoya again?
Ah!
I'm exhausted.
Finally rushed in
Play PK now.
Is it a problem?
I didn't watch and missed 1,000 carnivals
aunt
Whose heroic girl is this 3 million?
That's pretty cool.
Thank you, Brother Dog, for 1,000 carnivals.
Brother Dog, let's add a friend
Aren't we friends anymore?
How did it go?
This compensation
Are you still satisfied?
This hero is actually you